An Essay as a response to “An industry guide to becoming a software engineer. by Bill Langenberg: 

By Abshir Ali. 

[https://tuftsdev.github.io/WebProgramming/notes/blangenberg.pdf] 

After I checked this beautiful article by bill langenberg: it was life change article for me. I was undecided when it comes my tech career and he explains so well and give me path to go through and I got excellent information. What I meant by that is before I read I couldn’t even differentiate what is being Software Engineer and Developer. 

I like the way the Author Bill dived into big branches and dived in to sub branches and talked about very detailed and help full way although I have basic foundation about these branches for example coding I know basic knowledge about HTML, CSS, JAVA and PYHTHON, and I have the ability to solve most of the problems or at least I can understand where things go wrong, and what makes those easy for me is I love challenges and these languages are more challenging then other tech areas, the second thing that I can say it makes easy for me is a lot of practice that I did through online lastly I took python class here in this school last semester which I enjoyed well with great teacher Sheff Warren. 

The Author indicates how important is communication and in my opinion communication is even more important then the actual job we team and we have to communicate in order to be done some great work if we cant communicate we cant solve any issues we rely on each other help each other break the boundaries together, old sayings are true “together we can do more” . 

I really discover new me when Teacher Matthew introduce me couple weeks ago “How Linux Work” and how to write a script bash in first my life I got so much with Linux I feel better the way I was week  2 and week 3, I remember first couple weeks I spent watching YouTube one after another, also sometimes I stay the next class which is four hours long and study with them ang consume too much information which results sometimes confuse but finally I got on the right track with the help of our wonderful teacher  Matthew Harmon. 

Another interesting key is working on your filed, in my summer days I always work different jobs although is tech job which is Telecommunication. Example summer 2016 I was working with T-Mobile as a customer service which I was planning to go back this semester but now there is something got changed as i mentioned in the begging of my this summary this article is life change for me. There is wonderful link  you can click it which I find already helpful and I started hunting some summer internship. 

Lastly but not the least I’m looking forward the second part of this class and I’m so excited and I can say this class is one of the best classes I ever took and I decided to take right after this class Linux administrator certification that tells you how I got so interested this subject. I cant wait the second part of the class and put some wonderful things together with the help of our great teacher Matthew which we expecting a lot since he knows so much about this subject.    
